Top Ski Destinations 2020 

It’s officially the heart of the ski season—boards and skis have been waxed and sharpened, ready to hit the slopes in search of fresh powder. An estimated 59.3 million people visited U.S. snowsports destinations last winter—the fourth highest tally on record. And, reports indicate heavy snowfall across the U.S. for the remainder of 2020, so ski resorts and towns can expect a major influx of mountainside guests this year, too.

Vacasa travel experts took to the data to rank the top ski destinations of the year, looking at where we've seen the most bookings among travelers during the winter season, spanning December 2019 through February 2020. These (ice cold) hotspots are in high demand for a reason, so if you’re craving the creme dela creme of ski vacations, read on.

#1 MOST POPULAR: Solitude, UT
Featured Vacasa home: Eagle Springs East: Boxelder Suite
Close to buzzing Park City, this aptly-named ski town offers stunning mountain scenery and fantastic snow conditions. If the trails at Solitude Mountain aren’t enough to satiate your skiing appetite, remember that you’re right on the doorstep of some of the highest-rated resorts in the world. 

Nearby Resort: Solitude Mountain Resort
Lift Ticket Rates: $$
Total Season Snowfall: 222”

View Solitude Vacation Rentals

#2 MOST POPULAR: Big Sky, MT
Featured Vacasa home: Antler Ridge
Big Sky sits in a basin completely surrounded by mountain peaks. While the southern Montana resort town offers year-round recreation, it really shines in the winter months, with more than 400 inches of snowfall per year on average. 

Nearby Resort: Big Sky Resort
Lift Ticket Rates: $$$
Total Season Snowfall: 39”

View Big Sky Vacation Rentals

#3 MOST POPULAR: Silverthorne, CO
Featured Vacasa home: West Wing Cabin
Nestled on the banks of Dillon Reservoir, Silverthorne is neighbor to a number of local ski resorts. The community is loaded with vacation rentals, so there are plenty of options for all group types. 

Nearby Resort: Keystone Resort
Lift Ticket Rates: $$$
Total Season Snowfall: 120”

View Silverthorne Vacation Rentals

#4 MOST POPULAR: Newry, ME
Featured Vacasa home: The Ridge House at Powder Ridge
The quaint town of Newry, Maine is quickly becoming one of the most popular ski destinations in the U.S., due to its close proximity to Sunday River Ski Resort, a jewel in the northeast. 

Nearby Resort: Sunday River Ski Resort
Lift Ticket Rates: $$
Total Season Snowfall: 39” 

View Newry Vacation Rentals

#5 MOST POPULAR: Killington, VT
Featured Vacasa home: The Woods: D4
Killington is renowned among New England skiers as one of the region’s best offerings, with 6 peaks for powder-heads to fawn over. Vermont’s beautiful Green Mountain range is ever in sight and sets the perfect backdrop to this gorgeous ski resort town.

Nearby Resort: Killington
Lift Ticket Rates: $$$
Total Season Snowfall: 99”

View Killington Vacation Rentals

Now, we also know winter ski travel can be a significant investment, between taking the time off from work, and forking over the often-hefty resort chairlift fees. Tracking down the best conditions is crucial, but so is getting the most bang for your buck—the ski resorts that don’t get frustratingly clogged, but still deliver champagne powder.

So, we dug into reservation data to determine which destinations yield the best value for snow-hungry travelers, ranking the ski towns that are seeing the least amount of bookings in the U.S. from December 2019 through February 2020. 

With less booking competition, unit prices are generally lower than average, and crowds are less of a headache. Take these destinations into consideration for your upcoming adventure.

#1 BEST VALUE: Eagle Crest, OR
Featured Vacasa home: Eagle Crest on Ridge Course
Eagle Crest sits atop our “best value” rankings, as it often flies under the radar from nearby popular, Bend. With easy access to central Oregon ski paradise, Mt. Bachelor, Eagle Crest is a value-conscious destination for families and small group travelers alike.

Nearby Resort: Mt. Bachelor
Lift Ticket Rates: $$
Total Season Snowfall: 158”

View Eagle Crest Vacation Rentals

#2 BEST VALUE: Chelan, WA
Featured Vacasa home: Vision House
Sitting on the eponymous, serpentine body of Lake Chelan, Chelan, Washington is a mountaineer’s delight. With wine vineyards, backcountry wilderness, and access to both Nordic and downhill skiing, Chelan is ripe for outdoor wintertime adventure. 

Nearby Resort: Mission Ridge
Lift Ticket Rates: $
Total Season Snowfall: 37”

View Chelan Vacation Rentals

#3 BEST VALUE: Garden City, UT
Featured Vacasa home: Farmhouse
While Garden City is often revered as a summertime destination, don’t sleep on its winter offerings! Situated in northern Utah’s Bear Lake State Park, this beautiful retreat is just 10 miles from the ski slopes of Beaver Mountain.  

Nearby Resort: Beaver Mountain
Lift Ticket Rates: $
Total Season Snowfall: 42”

View Garden City Vacation Rentals

#4 BEST VALUE: Black Butte Ranch, OR
Featured Vacasa home: Mowich Cabin
Black Butte Ranch is a central Oregon mainstay with its beautiful natural scenery and abundance of outdoor adventures for visitors to embark on. With Hoodoo Ski Resort just down the road, Black Butte Ranch is a winter getaway with serious value. 

Nearby Resort: Hoodoo Ski Resort
Lift Ticket Rates: $
Total Season Snowfall: 55” 

View Black Butte Ranch Vacation Rentals

#5 BEST VALUE: Estes Park, CO
Featured Vacasa home: Magical Rocky Top
A mere hour north of Boulder, Estes Park is surrounded by raw beauty, in the throes of Rocky Mountain National Park. Estes Park cabins are the perfect access point to popular Colorado ski resorts like Eldora. 

Nearby Resort: Eldora
Lift Ticket Rates: $$$
Total Season Snowfall: 108”

View Estes Park Vacation Rentals

The 2020 ski season will continue to welcome a swarm of travel across the U.S. in search of fresh powder. While old faithful U.S. ski towns will continue to host droves of visitors, new markets are beginning to emerge as valuable alternatives for the cost-conscious consumer. Wherever you pinpoint for an unforgettable mountainside trip this winter, we are here to help you. Time to shred. 